androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/FlutterAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.FlutterAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/NoTransientCallbacksCondition.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.NoTransientCallbacksCondition
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/jsonrpc/message/ErrorObject.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.message.ErrorObject
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/jsonrpc/JsonRpcClient.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.JsonRpcClient
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.JsonRpcClient$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.JsonRpcClient$WebSocketListenerImpl
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/WidgetAssertion.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.WidgetAssertion
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/WithValueKeyMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.WithValueKeyMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/DartVmService.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService$2
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService$3
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService$4
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmService$IsDartVmServiceReady
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/NoPendingFrameCondition.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.NoPendingFrameCondition
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/FlutterMatchers.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.FlutterMatchers
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.FlutterMatchers$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.FlutterMatchers$IsFlutterViewMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/NoPendingPlatformMessagesCondition.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.NoPendingPlatformMessagesCondition
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/DartVmServiceUtil.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.DartVmServiceUtil
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/FlutterTypeTextAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterTypeTextAction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterTypeTextAction$SetTextEntryEmulationAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/exception/InvalidFlutterViewException.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.exception.InvalidFlutterViewException
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/WidgetCoordinatesCalculator.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.WidgetCoordinatesCalculator
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/common/Constants.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.common.Constants
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/WidgetInfoFactory.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.WidgetInfoFactory
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.WidgetInfoFactory$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.WidgetInfoFactory$WidgetRuntimeType
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/FlutterActions.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterActions
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/SyntheticAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.SyntheticAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/common/Duration.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.common.Duration
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/WidgetAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.WidgetAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/WithTooltipMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.WithTooltipMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/IsExistingMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.IsExistingMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/idgenerator/IdGenerators.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.idgenerator.IdGenerators
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.idgenerator.IdGenerators$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.idgenerator.IdGenerators$2
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/idgenerator/IdException.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.idgenerator.IdException
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/GetOffsetResponse.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetResponse
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetResponse$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetResponse$Builder
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetResponse$Coordinates
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/exception/AmbiguousWidgetMatcherException.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.exception.AmbiguousWidgetMatcherException
com/example/espresso/EspressoPlugin.java
 com.example.espresso.EspressoPlugin
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/ActionUtil.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.ActionUtil
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.ActionUtil$FutureIdlingResource
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.ActionUtil$FutureIdlingResource$1
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/WaitCondition.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.WaitCondition
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/GetWidgetDiagnosticsResponse.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetWidgetDiagnosticsResponse
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetWidgetDiagnosticsResponse$DiagnosticNodeInfo
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetWidgetDiagnosticsResponse$WidgetProperty
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/EspressoFlutter.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.EspressoFlutter
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.EspressoFlutter$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.EspressoFlutter$WidgetInteraction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.EspressoFlutter$WidgetInteraction$ExceptionPropagator
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/model/WidgetInfo.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.model.WidgetInfo
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/GetVmResponse.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetVmResponse
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetVmResponse$Isolate
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/ClickAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.ClickAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/FlutterScrollToAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterScrollToAction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterScrollToAction$ScrollIntoViewAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/jsonrpc/message/JsonRpcRequest.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.message.JsonRpcRequest
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.message.JsonRpcRequest$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.message.JsonRpcRequest$Builder
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/FlutterTestingProtocol.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.FlutterTestingProtocol
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/FlutterProtocolException.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.FlutterProtocolException
com/example/espresso/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.espresso.BuildConfig
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/GetOffsetAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetAction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetOffsetAction$OffsetType
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/GetWidgetDiagnosticsAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.GetWidgetDiagnosticsAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/assertion/FlutterAssertions.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.assertion.FlutterAssertions
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.assertion.FlutterAssertions$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.assertion.FlutterAssertions$MatchesWidgetAssertion
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/idgenerator/IdGenerator.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.idgenerator.IdGenerator
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/SyntheticClickAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.SyntheticClickAction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.SyntheticClickAction$SyntheticClick
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/assertion/FlutterViewAssertion.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.assertion.FlutterViewAssertion
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/WithTypeMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.WithTypeMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/IsDescendantOfMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.IsDescendantOfMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/WaitUntilIdleAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.WaitUntilIdleAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/FlutterViewAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterViewAction
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterViewAction$1
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterViewAction$2
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.FlutterViewAction$FlutterViewRenderedIdlingResource
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/protocol/impl/WaitForConditionAction.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.protocol.impl.WaitForConditionAction
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/action/WidgetInfoFetcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.action.WidgetInfoFetcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/api/WidgetMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.api.WidgetMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/internal/jsonrpc/message/JsonRpcResponse.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.internal.jsonrpc.message.JsonRpcResponse
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/model/WidgetInfoBuilder.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.model.WidgetInfoBuilder
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/matcher/WithTextMatcher.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.matcher.WithTextMatcher
androidx/test/espresso/flutter/exception/NoMatchingWidgetException.java
 androidx.test.espresso.flutter.exception.NoMatchingWidgetException
